Add the pipeline diagram to the docs (#972)
public-transport/transitous: docs/docs/index.md

}
```

## Overview of the import pipeline

> Every time new data is added to transitous, the data import pipeline ensures that the data can indeed be imported.

Author: ```suggestion
The following pipeline runs on a daily basis to import new GTFS feed data.
```

Would that fit?

Reviewer: Yes, sounds good
